OSDOCS10256: Added a section regarding FIPS compliant support for cert manager (#76688)
openshift/openshift-docs: security/cert_manager_operator/index.adoc

//Supported versions
include::modules/cert-manager-supported-versions.adoc[leveloffset=+1]

//FIPS compliant support
include::modules/cert-manager-fips-support.adoc[leveloffset=+1]

include::modules/cert-manager-fips-procedure.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

[role="_additional-resources"]
[id="cert-manager-operator-about_additional-resources"]
== Additional resources

> * link:https://cert-manager.io/docs/[cert-manager project documentation]

Reviewer: Also, you can consider including the following FIPS related pages:
- https://docs.openshift.com/container-platform/4.14/security/container_security/security-compliance.html
- https://docs.openshift.com/container-platform/4.14/installing/installing-fips.html#installing-fips-mode_installing-fips

> * link:https://access.redhat.com/articles/5059881[OpenShift security guide book]

Reviewer: As discussed, consider double-checking if the security guide book is publicly accessible and if yes, if it's a good fit to share with customers/partners externally for their reference.

//Supported versions
include::modules/cert-manager-supported-versions.adoc[leveloffset=+1]

//FIPS compliant support
include::modules/cert-manager-fips-support.adoc[leveloffset=+1]

[role="_additional-resources"]
[id="cert-manager-operator-about_additional-resources"]
== Additional resources

* link:https://cert-manager.io/docs/[cert-manager project documentation]

> * xref:../../security/container_security/security-compliance.adoc#security-compliance[Configuring an ACME issuer]

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* xref:../../security/container_security/security-compliance.adoc[Understanding compliance]
```
It should be a typo

* xref:../../installing/installing-fips.adoc#installing-fips-mode_installing-fips[Installing a cluster in FIPS mode]
* link:https://csrc.nist.gov/Projects/cryptographic-module-validation-program/validated-modules[Cryptographic module validation program]

> * link:https://access.redhat.com/articles/2918071#fips-140-2-and-fips-140-3-2[Compliance activities and government standards]

Reviewer 3: These two could be moved up into the text, as they are external links rather than xrefs

> * link:https://access.redhat.com/documentation/en-us/openshift_container_platform/4.14/html-single/installing/index#installing-preparing-security[2.1.4. Do you need extra security for your cluster?]

Reviewer 3: Since this is a link to OCP docs, it should probably be an xref. Omit "2.1.4." as mentioned in prev comment:
```suggestion
* xref:../../installing/installing-preparing.adoc#installing-preparing-security[Do you need extra security for your cluster?]
```

> * link:https://access.redhat.com/documentation/en-us/openshift_container_platform/4.14/html-single/installing/index#installing-preparing-security[2.1.4. Do you need extra security for your cluster?]

Reviewer 2: I'm wondering if we could move these three references under "Additional Resources" to the main text as hyperlinks correspondingly.

Author: Apologies, I cannot add xrefs in modules. Hyperlinks can be added in assembly.
